---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-21T00:59:02.878Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-21T00:57:41.350Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-21-8fb38ee5-53e6-416c-9778-8b69b5cc77f1.md
published: true
url: 8fb38ee5-53e6-416c-9778-8b69b5cc77f1/index.html
_type: Article

---
experimental philosopher jonathon keats talks about pangaea optima, his idea for a geoengineered supercontinent that could solve the climate crisis. listen here: https://soundcloud.com/the-45-minute-radio-hour/thought-experiment

acclaimed as a "poet of ideas" by the new yorker and a "multimedia philosopher-prophet" by the atlantic, jonathon keats is an experimental philosopher, artist, and writer based in san francisco and northern italy. his conceptually-driven interdisciplinary projects explore all aspects of society through science and technology. in recent years, he has built a camera to take a continuous thousand-year-long exposure of the changing landscape at arizona state university; opened a photosynthetic restaurant serving gourmet sunlight to plants at the crocker art museum; exhibited extraterrestrial abstract artwork decoded from arecibo observatory radiotelescope data at the judah l. magnes museum; and applied quantum mechanics to banking -- coaxing money into a quantum superposition to be shared by everyone -- at rockefeller center. he is the recipient of a 2015-16 art + technology lab grant from the los angeles county museum of art, where he is applying neuroscience to fashion, and he is concurrently developing an epic work of technology-driven land art in collaboration with the long now foundation and the nevada museum of art. exhibited internationally, keats's projects have been documented by pbs, reuters, and the bbc world service, garnering favorable attention in periodicals ranging from science magazine to flash art magazine to the economist. his latest book, forged: why fakes are the great art of our age, was published in 2013 by oxford university press, which will also publish his forthcoming book on the legacy of buckminster fuller in 2016\. He is represented by modernism gallery in san francisco and by baang+burne in new york. 

music: kingslovejacks -- "chase" -- kingslovejacks.com 

sound effect: licensed through creative commons from user symphoid on freesound.org. no changes were made.